Xors3D (#332)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.Xors3D.md

> Xors3d is a middleware solution for game developers, born as a library which extends functionality of Blitz3d by implementing a DirectX9-rendering.

Reviewer: https://web.archive.org/web/20131208100633/http://xors3d.com/xors3d/overview
It's a good enough link

> Xors3d is a middleware solution for game developers, born as a library which extends functionality of Blitz3d by implementing a DirectX9-rendering.
> It later grew into an independent engine.
> This engine can be used not only for anything from simple visualizations to complex simulations as well.
> Using Xors3d you're able to construct games of any genre by writing less code in a shorter amount of time.
> Xors3d combines simplicity, flexibility, and power.
> It has inherited the simplicity of Blitz3d.
> But at the same time Xors3d has a lot of new features give the users total control over their 3d worlds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Xors3d**](https://web.archive.org/web/20131208100633/http://xors3d.com/xors3d/overview) is a middleware solution for game developers, born as a library which extends functionality of Blitz3d by implementing a DirectX9-rendering.
```
